When we build strong faith in times of peace,
we can find courage during times of testing and persecution.
Brother Rocky Webb, from the United States,
learned to be a fighter as a young man.
But as his faith grew, he learned that Jehovah is there to help us
and to fight our battles.
All of us are going to be tested one way or the other
before we back it into the New World.
And if we can endure those tests faithfully, faithfully,
then you'll make it.
My dad and my mother taught me the truth.
What drove me to be baptized was the convention in Washington, D.C.
Brother Rutherford gave the talk on the make-shell inherit the earth.
But it touched my heart in a way that it's ever left
from the better don't.
Right on up to now, gave me faith to stay with you over all the way.
The bullies would cover Jehovah to me,
and I would come home pretty well beat up.
So that's when I started trading for boxing.
I was offered $40,000 for a fight, when I lose.
And if I won the second fight, they would double the amount.
Brother McMillan was like a second dad to me and my brother.
And he asked me, says, would you do me a favor?
He says, don't put the gloves on no more.
And so I didn't put them on anymore.
I think he knew that it wouldn't be very long for an article on it.
It came out and told me that boxing wasn't for the Christians.
I was drafted during this time, and I refused to serve,
and it was sent to prison.
All the time, I never, never, ever,
slowed down on my their credit deals, never.
I kept right on on it.
The jail warden overheard me witnessing to another end mate.
He told me, don't do any more of that,
so we don't allow it here.
Three days from past by, and he seen me talking to him again.
And they put me in a car that was shaded.
He couldn't see out.
I didn't know where I was going.
No old prison.
Just dark as it could be in there.
It was three feet around.
And they called it the sweat box.
All the time I was in there, just sweat, sweat, sweat.
And I went in at 213 pounds.
And I came out with 133 pounds.
Psalm 144 says,
May Jehovah be praised,
who trains my hand for battle, my fingers for warfare.
Now I gave my life to get Jehovah my faith.
I lived and we woke up.
Several congregations would come together to work.
We were confronted by mobs.
There was a lot of them that was injured.
I had 80 stitches turned up here.
And I had the 13 in the side there on each tab.
I was really, really beat up.
But I couldn't have stood up if it hadn't been for Jehovah.
I knew he was with me somewhere and other.
So we sued the town and won $20,000.
The Society called us and said,
you did very good in what all you've done.
But says remember,
we're not out for money.
Make sure that that's made known to them.
When we walked up to the desk,
we slid the papers out to us.
It says, sign them up.
We just took and slid them back.
It came out in the papers.
Tell them to come back and do all they want to do
in a way of their witness.
It says we won't touch them.
They were really highly respected for what we did.
And so that opened it up.
And you've had a real good congregation there,
got started and everything.
My first life was a blessing for me.
When she died, Jehovah stepped in and gave me another good one.
We both along together.
Now we do most of the thing together.
We started to feel it in her heart.
When you give your faith to Jehovah,
you give your life to him.
He's permitted these things to come upon me.
I knew that.
But he protected me.
Brother Webb is now 94 years old.
But as we saw, he and his wife, Charlene,
keep themselves spiritually active.
What lessons did you see in Rocky's experience?
For one, we heard that Rocky learned to be a boxer
to protect himself from bullies.
Yet he responded in faith to loving counsel to quit,
even before God's people had a clear understanding
of violent sports.
Making that change help Rocky to continue cultivating
a Christ-like personality.
That prepared him to stand firm when in prison for his faith.
And it helped him to not return evil for evil
when persecuted for his ministry.
He had faith that although Jehovah permitted these things
to happen, he was also there to protect him.
Examples like those of Rocky
and the others we've considered warm our hearts.
And let us know we're never alone in our fight for the faith.